phone what is it song is it gone wrong
oh yes the whole procedure is over you
had your wisdom teeth out and you did
great how do you feel oh well that's
great how do you feel no wasn't involved
you have some gauze in your mouth I just
leave it in there for a little while
we'll take it out in a little bit o
honey I know you're not fat that's just
a little bit of puffiness it's gonna go
down in a day or so that's normal honey
it's honey it's normal honey you're
beautiful you're fine and you did great
the doctor said you did fine but you are
beautiful so and so what did you what
did you feel during the procedure did
you feel anything or you remember
anything to you in the car so you don't
remember anything huh
oh no you're so are you did when you
went to sleep did you see anything to
remember you were looking at the ceiling
and then you just fell asleep yeah what
else it's because you just have a little
bit of swelling that's normal it'll go
down it's okay normal you're not fat
believe me you are not fat you are
perfect you are not fat honey don't
worry it's normal you just had your
teeth extracted it's normal for your
cheeks to be a little puffy and it's
going to go down in a few days it's
everything is fine so what do you want
to say what do you want to tell Mike
okay well we'll get your smoothie later
today right now we got to get you
something else like we're not going to
start with a smoothie but we'll get you
one today
Oh
has been overlong
you feel Spacey how you feel you feel
like kind of high I like drunk well do
you feel floaty I do you remember all
those videos that you saw oh yeah yeah
yeah do you feel like that those videos
you saw yeah yeah what else
nah
ah
okay well listen we're gonna go now get
it go home now okay honey so say goodbye
tell mike you love them kill dad your
sister hit all of them oh yeah you love
everybody what about Danny I don't know
why
but
he never did anything weird to you did
he sometimes yeah he never touched you
did he well I
that's smart all right well you're a
good girl listen I'm I'm going to take
you home now okay love you